README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

feat: update project structure with routing and new components
- Added react-router-dom for routing functionality.
- Created Layout, Header, Footer, and Navbar components for consistent layout.
- Implemented Home and PageNotFound views.
- Removed unused assets and styles (vite.svg, App.css, index.css, react.svg).
- Introduced new styles for layout components using SCSS.
- Updated package.json to include new dependencies (react-router-dom, prettier, sass).

README.md, after:

# f0h6m.github.io

This is the source code for my personal website, built using React and Vite.

## Features

- Fast Refresh using [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react)
- ESLint rules for React and TypeScript
- TypeScript support with type-aware lint rules enabled

## Getting started

To get started with the development of this website, clone the repository and run `npm install` in the root directory.

After the installation is complete, you can start the development server by running `npm run dev`. This will start the Vite development server, which will automatically reload the page when you make changes to the source code.

## Building the website

To build the website, run `npm run build`. This will create a production-ready build of the website in the `dist` directory.

## Deploying the website

To deploy the website, you can use the GitHub Pages workflow provided in the `.github/workflows/deploy.yml` file. This workflow will automatically build and deploy the website to GitHub Pages whenever changes are pushed to the `main` branch.
